ci cd docs (#5523)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/user-guide/building-assistants.rst

While it's good to test the bot interactively, we should also add end to end test cases that
can later be included as part of our CI/CD system. End-to-end :ref:`test conversations <end-to-end-testing>`
include NLU data, so that both components of Rasa can be tested. The file 
``tests/conversation_tests.md`` contains test conversations for the stories defined so far:

.. code-block:: md
## happy path 1
* greet: hello there!
  - utter_greet
* mood_great: amazing
  - utter_happy

## happy path 2
* greet: hello there!
  - utter_greet
* mood_great: amazing
  - utter_happy
* goodbye: bye-bye!
  - utter_goodbye

## sad path 1
* greet: hello
  - utter_greet
* mood_unhappy: not good
  - utter_cheer_up
  - utter_did_that_help
* affirm: yes
  - utter_happy

## sad path 2
* greet: hello
  - utter_greet
* mood_unhappy: not good
  - utter_cheer_up
  - utter_did_that_help
* deny: not really
  - utter_goodbye

## sad path 3
* greet: hi
  - utter_greet
* mood_unhappy: very terrible
  - utter_cheer_up
  - utter_did_that_help
* deny: no
  - utter_goodbye

## say goodbye
* goodbye: bye-bye!
  - utter_goodbye

## bot challenge
* bot_challenge: are you a bot?

>   - utter_iamabot

Reviewer: Hm but these test stories cover too much for the existing data, we should still overwrite them. Sorry, i wasn't clear about that 😅just mean we should say "remove the existing test conversations from tests/conversation_tests.md and add some ones for this convo (same as in L48, we delete all the content -- i guess we could do the deletion there as well)

Author: Ok, gotcha now.

Author: Does that work?

Reviewer: yep!

While it's good to test the bot interactively, we should also add end to end test cases that

> can later be included as part of our CI/CD system. End-to-end :ref:`test conversations <end-to-end-testing>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can later be included as part of a CI/CD pipeline. End-to-end :ref:`test conversations <end-to-end-testing>`
```

Reviewer 2: Can we also link to the `Setting up CI/CD` docs?

While it's good to test the bot interactively, we should also add end to end test cases that
can later be included as part of our CI/CD system. End-to-end :ref:`test conversations <end-to-end-testing>`
include NLU data, so that both components of Rasa can be tested.  Create a file called
``test_stories.md`` in a subdirectory `tests` with some test cases:

> 

Reviewer: Did we start with `rasa init` here? If so we should be editing the file in the `tests` folder instead of creating a new one

Author: True

Author: It's also prepolated with test conversations

Reviewer: Made a new comment

.. code-block:: bash

>    rasa test --e2e --stories tests/test_stories.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   rasa test --stories tests/test_stories.md
```
happens by default now. in fact i think that it might look in the `tests` folder by default, removing the need for the second arg? (sorry for commenting on not your code)

.. code-block:: bash

>    rasa test --stories tests/test_stories.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   rasa test --stories tests/conversation_tests.md
```
